README.md, before:

# Go Recipe Tutorial

This repository contains a cookbook or recipe tutorial application written in Go. It provides a simple HTTP server to manage and serve recipes.

## Usage

1. Clone the repository:
   ```
   git clone https://github.com/githubnext/workspace-blank.git
   ```
2. Navigate to the project directory:
   ```
   cd workspace-blank
   ```
3. Run the application:
   ```
   go run main.go
   ```

## Contributing

We welcome contributions to this repository. To contribute, please follow these steps:

1. Fork the repository.
2. Create a new branch for your feature or bugfix.
3. Make your changes and commit them with descriptive messages.
4. Push your changes to your forked repository.
5. Open a pull request to the main repository.

Please ensure your code follows the project's coding standards and includes tests where applicable.

## Macaroni Cheese Recipe

### Ingredients
- 200g macaroni
- 50g butter
- 50g plain flour
- 600ml milk
- 250g grated cheddar cheese
- Salt and pepper to taste

### Instructions
1. Cook the macaroni according to the package instructions, then drain and set aside.
2. In a saucepan, melt the butter over medium heat. Add the flour and stir continuously for 1-2 minutes to form a roux.
3. Gradually add the milk to the roux, stirring constantly until the sauce thickens and is smooth.
4. Remove the saucepan from the heat and stir in the grated cheddar cheese until melted and well combined.
5. Season the cheese sauce with salt and pepper to taste.
6. Add the cooked macaroni to the cheese sauce and mix well to coat the pasta evenly.
7. Serve the macaroni cheese hot, optionally garnished with extra grated cheese or breadcrumbs.

Commit message:

Update usage instructions so it works for this app

README.md, after:

# Go Recipe Tutorial

This repository contains a cookbook or recipe tutorial application written in Go. It provides a simple HTTP server to manage and serve recipes.

## Setup Instructions

1. Ensure you have Go installed on your machine. You can download it from [https://golang.org/dl/](https://golang.org/dl/).
2. Clone the repository:
   ```
   git clone https://github.com/emmaviolet/recipe-repository.git
   ```
3. Navigate to the project directory:
   ```
   cd recipe-repository
   ```
4. Run the application:
   ```
   go run main.go
   ```
5. Open your web browser and go to [http://localhost:8080](http://localhost:8080) to access the application.

## Contributing

We welcome contributions to this repository. To contribute, please follow these steps:

1. Fork the repository.
2. Create a new branch for your feature or bugfix.
3. Make your changes and commit them with descriptive messages.
4. Push your changes to your forked repository.
5. Open a pull request to the main repository.

Please ensure your code follows the project's coding standards and includes tests where applicable.

## Macaroni Cheese Recipe

### Ingredients
- 200g macaroni
- 50g butter
- 50g plain flour
- 600ml milk
- 250g grated cheddar cheese
- Salt and pepper to taste

### Instructions
1. Cook the macaroni according to the package instructions, then drain and set aside.
2. In a saucepan, melt the butter over medium heat. Add the flour and stir continuously for 1-2 minutes to form a roux.
3. Gradually add the milk to the roux, stirring constantly until the sauce thickens and is smooth.
4. Remove the saucepan from the heat and stir in the grated cheddar cheese until melted and well combined.
5. Season the cheese sauce with salt and pepper to taste.
6. Add the cooked macaroni to the cheese sauce and mix well to coat the pasta evenly.
7. Serve the macaroni cheese hot, optionally garnished with extra grated cheese or breadcrumbs.
